Frequently Asked Questions and the Answers Related to Gradescope CSE445/446/598
Q.
I received the error message: "The autograder failed to execute correctly. Please ensure that
your submission is valid. Contact your course staff for help in debugging this issue. Make sure
to include a link to this page so that they can help you most effectively."
A.
The problem is frequently related to one of the following issues:
• A variable name or function name is spelled differently (case sensitive) from the name
specified in the given template;
• Check the spelling of attributes and elements, ensuring they match the instructions
provided.
• The submission file name is spelled differently (case sensitive) from the name specified
in the assignment document;
• The versions of Visual Studio and .Net Framework are different from the ones specified
in the assignment document.
Please check if you have one of the above situations. The following is an example where the
names are used differently.
You have a few functions and variable names are different from the template. The names are
case sensitive. For example: "pricingModel" V.S. "PricingModel"; "GetSenderId" V.S.
"getSenderId", and more . You are suggested to begin with the given code template. You do not
modify any existing function/ variable/ class names.
Q.
Hello, I am having issues with Gradescope on my assignment. I downloaded the template file
and edited to submit. When I submit to gradescope I get this message, "The autograder failed to
execute correctly. Please ensure that your submission is valid. Contact your course staff for
help in debugging this issue. Make sure to include a link to this page so that they can help you
most effectively."
Is it because I downloaded the template file instead of creating my own file?
A.
Your program does not compile on local computer. You have an Unexpected symbol `0'
Please make sure your program pass the compiler on your local computer before submitting to
Gradescope.
Q.
The autograder failed to execute correctly. Please ensure that your submission is valid. Contact
your course staff for help in debugging this issue. Make sure to include a link to this page so
that they can help you most effectively."
A.
You have a few functions and variable names are different from the template. The names are
case sensitive. For example: "pricingModel" V.S. "PricingModel"; "GetSenderId" V.S.
"getSenderId", and more .
You are suggested to begin with the given code template. You do not modify any existing
function/ variable/ class names.
Q
Can a Mac user use other IDE to develop the C# used for gradescope:
A
Here is a student’s recommendation:
If anyone using a Mac wonders how to solve this assignment without needing to install a
VM, I'd recommend you all using mono (https://www.mono-project.com/). Although it's not
possible to compile .NET version 4.7 in macOS, installing mono helps you to compile your
app in the version you wrote in your .csproj file. the best thing is that you could get the
errors and troubleshoot accordingly. In my case I just developed in older version possible,
ran with errors and adjust the program according to the 4.7 version. Autograder passed my
code without any hassle.
Q:
Is the autograder giving anyone else issues? Everything runs fine on my end, but the
autograder fails to execute and gives me a generic error.
A:
Please remove any unnecessary or unused namespace inclusions.
Q:
For the XSD file definition, can I define my own phoneType and provid a pattern for it;
A: No. The type may not be true for all phone numbers. You may simply use a string type for
it.
Also, for integer type, you should simply use "int" instead of "positiveInteger" in your xsd
file.
Q:
I have tried multiple times to rewrite the code, but for some reason, I am not able to figure
out my failing test cases because Gradescope doesn't give information, and my dry runs of
the code do seem to work. Only these 2 test cases are failing. Can you please help me in
what exactly are these looking for?
A:
I had the same error today. What I did to fix the xsd was follow the Courses.xsd example
and formatted my stuff in a similar manner. Then in my .xml file I added
xsi:schemaLocation with the location of the xsd file